Vulnerability in H2 Console (#285)
payara/Payara-Community-Documentation: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/security/security-fix-list.adoc

|=======================================================================
|ID |CVSS v3.0 Base Score |Status |Summary |Release |Pull Requests |Observations

> |https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2021-42392[CVE-2021-42392] | N/A | N/A | Unauthenticated RCE in H2 Database Console |  |  | Unrelated to Payara Server. H2 Database Console doesn't launch the H2 Database Console and doesn't make it available in any way.

Author: ```suggestion
|https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2021-42392[CVE-2021-42392] | N/A | N/A | Unauthenticated RCE in H2 Database Console |  |  | Unrelated to Payara Platform. The Payara Platform doesn't launch the H2 Database Console and doesn't make it available in any way.
```

> |https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2021-42392[CVE-2021-42392] | N/A | N/A | Unauthenticated RCE in H2 Database Console |  |  | Unrelated to Payara Platform. The Payara Platform doesn't launch the H2 Database Console and doesn't make it available in any way.

Author: ```suggestion
|https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2021-42392[CVE-2021-42392] | N/A | N/A | Unauthenticated RCE in H2 Database Console |  |  | Doesn't affect Payara Platform. The Payara Platform doesn't launch the H2 Database Console and doesn't make it available in any way.
```
